Create ui-c8y-1021-72-2-adjust-device-registration-modal-size-and-fix-input-group-array-8940.md (#3302)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-72-2-adjust-device-registration-modal-size-and-fix-input-group-array-8940.md

---
date: ""
title: adjust device registration modal size and fix input-group-array (#8940) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8960)
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62860
version: 1021.72.2
---

> adjust device registration modal size and fix input-group-array (#8940) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8960)

Reviewer: let's make it shorter:

```suggestion
The modal size has been adjusted to better fit the content and the input group array has been fixed. Users will now have a better experience when registering devices.
```

> The modal size has been adjusted to better fit the content and the input group array has been fixed. Users will now have a better experience when registering devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The modal size for device registration has been adjusted to better fit the content. Additionally, the input group array has been fixed. This improves the user experience when registering devices.
```
